Add analyzer comment on usage of `[h | t]` form (#2092)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/elixir/solution/list_prepend_head.md

# use `[item | list]` to prepend items to lists

> Using `[item] ++ list` instead of `[item | list]` is longer and confusing (prepending to list that looks like list concatenation).

Reviewer: I totally agree it's "confusing" 😁 but we could use a slightly more objective adjective, what do you think?

```suggestion
Using `[item] ++ list` instead of `[item | list]` is longer and less intention-revealing (prepending to list that looks like list concatenation).
```
